TOMOS BALL is Experienced business professional with a solid academic background and a demonstrated commitment to providing high quality customer service; described as a 'take charge' person with exceptional communication and human relations skills; proficient in the use of MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) with basic knowledge of PeopleSoft.

STEFFAN KENT is Extensive technical and management experience in information systems technology with a solid academic background in computer information systems and business administration. Excellent communicator with strong leadership skills and the ability to build cohesive, productive teams while fostering and encouraging creativity and individual expression.

JENNIFER WINTERS is Self-motivated, resourceful and dynamic leader with extensive experience and a strong educational background in management, training and employee development; exceptional communication skills and a demonstrated ability to create and manage cohesive, productive work teams; proficient in the use of Microsoft Word, Excel and other software applications.

LIVIA HOOVER is Seeking Position in Human/Social Service Administration or related field utilizing strong academic background, experience and excellent interpersonal skills

VIVIAN SIMMONS is Graduate with a strong academic background and excellent communication skills seeking a Graduate Assistantship role. Has experience in tutoring, test administration, and research assistance.

COLIN CONNER is Position in market research or financial analysis where strong technical skills, mathematical/statistical background and problem solving abilities can be applied towards the successful achievement of business goals and objectives. Exceptionally well organized, resourceful and highly motivated with the ability to handle multiple projects and produce timely, high quality work. Strong analytical and human relations skills; especially effective in helping customers and associates resolve issues and concerns.

EMERALD TABIRAO BARIAS is A Software Engineer with 15 years of industry experience designing and delivering cloud-based solutions that enhance productivity, collaboration, and business intelligence to customers. Holds a Master of Information Technology degree in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science & Engineering, and a Bachelor degree in Computer Science. Skilled in applying the appropriate technologies and best practices to solve complex problems and create value for customers. Also an experienced Technical Lead who have successfully handled multiple projects involving pre-sales workshops, consultations, migrations, and solution enhancements for Microsoft technologies.

IM A. SAMPLE IX is Self-motivated, resourceful and dynamic leader with extensive experience and a strong educational background in management, training and employee development; exceptional communication skills and a demonstrated ability to create and manage cohesive, productive work teams while fostering and encouraging creativity and individual expression.

CLYDE NEAL is Internship or Part-time Position in Marketing, Public Relations or related field utilizing strong academic background and excellent communication skills

LILLY HARVEY is Bachelor of Science in Management graduate with professional honors and an Associate of Applied Science in Communications Technology. Certified as Total Quality Management Facilitator and Qualified Master Air Training Command Instructor in Leadership and Management. Currently serving as Squadron Operation Superintendent in the United States Air Force.

NIKITA SUAREZ is Position in Human Resources Administration utilizing strong human relations, customer service and problem solving skills.

CORDELIA SPENCER is Seeking position in Information Systems or related field utilizing solid academic background along with exceptionally strong analytical, problem solving and customer service skills.

Ayah Russo is Exceptionally well organized and resourceful Professional with more than six years experience and a solid academic background in accounting and financial management; excellent analytical and problem solving skills; able to handle multiple projects while producing high quality work in a fast-paced, deadline-oriented environment.

